Update spectrum.md (#2192)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/load-balancing/src/content/additional-options/spectrum.md

You can configure a load balancer to provide TCP healthchecks, failover, and traffic steering to bring resiliency to your Spectrum applications.

> For more details, refer to [Create a Load Balancer and Spectrum Application](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/how-to/create-load-balancer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, refer to [Create a Load Balancer and Spectrum Application](/about/load-balancer).
```

Reviewer: We'll want to use the guide in the relative repo. The doc you're linking to is just linking back to this page.

Reviewer: I'd prefer linking to the about page since it provides a bit more context as to how they interact, but this is also fine.
